add LRU cache (#35)
CliMA/ClimaUtilities.jl: docs/src/datahandling.md

The `DataHandler` has a caching mechanism in place: once a field is read and
regridded, it is stored in the local cache to be used again (if needed).

> This is an LRU cache implemented in `DataStructures`, which removes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an least recently used cache implemented in `DataStructures`, which removes the
```
